jinguk's hello guys is s fungating the
mixed calm we just want to show you our
layers twice come in the mixture
pro-free there's a very popular system
and a lot of you will be willing to
upgrade this from a mix pro twos and
maybe even once so first one in we think
we're the first one to have it check it
out under a few manuals no software disk
provided with this one it comes with DJ
intro and some plan loops which probably
get to grips with can use on a loved one
as well USB lead good quality one
let's take it for spin ripping up five
okay so that's the new beauty
looks like I have the same footprint as
the old Mixtrack Pro it's not very heavy
but feels relatively sturdy enough
they've changed the places in our metal
but they are inside a plastic surround
but they are male and you can see the
new touch strips on the top for fix and
very long pitch faders like I said the
software system comes with Serato intro
DJ so pretty much makes the unit plug
and play plug-in and lights up a little
demo screen for you and how well you can
see it mislead you a start-up Cerato it
should recognize the controller
straightaway to use the unit you're
going to need some of your own speakers
done system
how's it goin soundcard so you just need
a pair of powered speakers to run it it
is so full practice session you can use
little monitors like this to be pretty
snazzy okay so when it's connected up as
we have it with the little powered
Newmark speakers willing to try it out
see how the headphone output you have
two headphone outputs on here one for
the full-size headphones now one for the
smaller sized headphones and you can
actually put in both tapping phones at
the same time in case you want to share
a set with another DJ and there is only
one output ca up shoulder leg solarz but
does the job and well done we need their
phone actually what I'm just going to
show you one day and the buns are very
sensitive you've got the very long pitch
fade
increments can change go marking put in
my game go effects on each side can mix
effects distortion effects to come up
and then you've got unfortunately on
this is only actually called the master
output
but does the job there is no Gale on
these channel and there is no alternate
on the Serato intro so you can change
the wall you can change the pitch by one
keep in the same as you change the tempo
you cannot wait a lot of intro to sera
to fool this well again we have more
information now on our website so there
you have it just a very brief first look
at the Mixtrack Pro 3 click the links on
the video to get more information